hey guys whats up this is igor gaming RC
i didn't do any videos well I did some
videos but I didn't upload any videos
and a very long time I'm sorry for that
and i'll try to upload as many as i can
start with this one and unboxing for
this brand new car my traxxas slash our
ultimate comes with the docking bays and
stuff a lot of extra parts and stuff but
so far as you can see i reach 60 miles
per hour let's reset that and i'll do it
over for you guys my friend hold the
camera quick sup guys this is
lamborghini 61 a 98 got my baby right
there that's his car and his channel
also he just said so go ahead and give
check his channel out also and stop
recording your freaking car i cry is
awesome as God did it goes less than 10
miles per hour 30 crush wait let me get
on the other side of you
bring it back round
do the dry pot forgot the beach a way
right let's record the speed thing it's
ours
alright guys thanks for watching make
sure you guys comment sub and like and
I'll see you guys next time please